[BD-4548] BrazeAI docs overhaul (#9476)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/brazeai/predictive_churn.md

---
nav_title: Predictive Churn
article_title: Predictive Churn
description: "This landing page covers Predictive Churn, a tool that allows you to define what churn means for your business as well as the users you'd like to prevent from churning."
page_order: 2.0
alias: /predictive_churn/
search_rank: 2
---

# Predictive Churn

> 
> > With Predictive Churn, you can define what churn means for your business ([churn definition]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/brazeai/predictive_suite/predictive_churn/creating_a_churn_prediction/#step-2-define-churn)), and the users you'd like to prevent from churning ([prediction audience]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/brazeai/predictive_suite/predictive_churn/creating_a_churn_prediction/#step-3-filter-your-prediction-audience)). When you create a prediction, Braze trains a machine learning model using [gradient boosted decision trees](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gradient_boosting) to identify users at risk of churn by learning from activity patterns of past users who did and did not churn according to your definition.

Reviewer: This intro is really link heavy 🤔 My eyes kinda glaze over—this might overwhelm readers before they’ve even grasped the core idea. As a general rule, we might want to limit intros to 1-2 links max, and move any other links to paragraph text below the callout. For example, my pass would look something like this:

```suggestion

> With Predictive Churn, you can define what churn means for your business and identify the users you want to retain. When you create a prediction, Braze trains a machine learning model using [gradient boosted decision trees](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gradient_boosting) to recognize at-risk users by analyzing patterns from past behavior—both from users who churned and those who didn’t.

To learn more about how this works, see:
- [Churn definition]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/brazeai/predictive_suite/predictive_churn/creating_a_churn_prediction/#step-2-define-churn))
- [Prediction audience]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/brazeai/predictive_suite/predictive_churn/creating_a_churn_prediction/#step-3-filter-your-prediction-audience))
```

![An overview of churn, which includes a past prediction audience with training with historical data. This contributes to predicting risk for future churn by measuring today's predicted audience with a churn risk score.]({% image_buster /assets/img/churn/churn_overview.png %})

## Accessing Predictive Churn

The **Predictions** page is located in the **Analytics** section. For full access, contact your account manager.

Prior to purchasing this feature, it is available in preview mode. This will allow you to see a demo churn prediction with synthetic data and create one churn prediction model based on your user data at a time. This preview will not allow you to target users for messaging according to churn risk and will not regularly update after creation.

> With the preview, you can also edit and rebuild your one prediction or archive it and create others to test the expected [prediction quality]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/brazeai/predictive_suite/predictive_churn/prediction_analytics/prediction_quality/) of different [definitions]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/brazeai/predictive_suite/predictive_churn/creating_a_churn_prediction/#step-2-define-churn).

Reviewer: Both links here are 404ing
